Hi, I'm Phil I'm the Chief
Information Security
Officer for Google Cloud,
and a big part of that is,
of course, cybersecurity.
So, in cyber you've
always got to learn,
you've always got to
stay up to date for
the simple reason
that technology and
business and the world of
our, kind of digital lives is
just always changing.
The online services that you use
today are probably
very different
even just when what they
were 12 months ago.
In the mid '90s, I
worked on one of
the world's first
internet banking systems.
And essentially we were building and
coding all of the
security ourselves.
I remember working on
the first web browsers,
the first web servers,
the first implementations of
encryption on the Internet.
This was even before
Google even existed.
And so this was the very beginning of
the Internet and we were
literally kind of assembling
and building this and
learning how to do
it as we went along.
When you are first getting
into cybersecurity,
it's important to
not get overwhelmed.
It's a very big space.
And all of us started off
at where you are today.
And we had to learn into that.
At one point, I
didn't know Linux,
I didn't know how to program.
I didn't know various parts
of other operating systems.
And I had to learn step-by-step,
how all of that worked and
gradually build up that
knowledge over time.
And even now I still have to
look things up
occasionally because
I don't keep
everything in my head
all at once and
that's totally fine.
When you're approaching
a new situation,
you're always going to
have a degree of anxiety
about whether you're going to be
able to learn it quickly enough.
And generally, with
enough experience,
you're gradually comfortable
that you will.
But again, this is important
to remember that you don't
have to learn everything
about everything all at once.
Most of the time
you learn enough to
be enough of value in the
initial part of the process,
then you learn as you go.
Start off by writing
a few lines of
simple code or looking at
somebody else's
code and trying to
understand what it does
and then change it a
little bit and just
incrementally work into this.
Build that foundation
of knowledge
that gives you the ability
to learn other things,
and I think things
will stem from that.